---
sidebar_position: 10
keywords:
- EverShop project folder structure
sidebar_label: Project folder structure
title: Project folder structure
description: EverShop project structure contains node_modules, media, cache, config, extensions ...
---

# Project folder structure

A EverShop project contains node_modules, caching files, configuration files, media and extension. Let’s take a look to the directory structure:

```bash
├── .evershop
├── .log
├── config
│     ├ default.json
├── extensions
├── media
├── node_modules
├── themes
├── package-lock.json
└── package.json

```
## .evershop

This folder contains the built files for production. [ReactJS components](https://reactjs.org/) and assets files will be generated by the [build command](/docs/development/knowledge-base/command-lines) and stay here automatically.

## .log

This folder contains the log file. The log file is where we store the logging information of all the even happening in your application.

## config

This folder contains the configuration files. You can learn more about the configuration in [this document](/docs/development/knowledge-base/configuration-guide).

## extensions

This folder contains modules developed by third-party and developer. Check this document to understand more the module structure.

## media

This folder contains media files like product images, category images.

## node_modules

This is the default node_modules from [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/). It contains the packages from NodeJs and vendors. EverShop core package is also located in this folder.


```bash
npm run docusaurus docs:version 1.0
```

The `docs` folder is copied into `versioned_docs/version-1.0` and `versions.json` is created.

Your docs now have 2 versions:

- `1.0` at `http://localhost:3000/docs/` for the version 1.0 docs
- `current` at `http://localhost:3000/docs/next/` for the **upcoming, unreleased docs**

## Add a Version Dropdown

To navigate seamlessly across versions, add a version dropdown.

Modify the `docusaurus.config.js` file:

```js title="docusaurus.config.js"
module.exports = {
  themeConfig: {
    navbar: {
      items: [
        // highlight-start
        {
          type: 'docsVersionDropdown',
        },
        // highlight-end
      ],
    },
  },
};
```

The docs version dropdown appears in your navbar:


## Update an existing version

It is possible to edit versioned docs in their respective folder:

- `versioned_docs/version-1.0/hello.md` updates `http://localhost:3000/docs/hello`
- `docs/hello.md` updates `http://localhost:3000/docs/next/hello`
